rich testa real-estate the premier home
and waterfront specialist
no other agent can serve you better now
hi I'm rich testa and I am Rob testa we
are rich tests and real estate the
premier home and waterfront specialist
welcome to Keuka Lake and 40 188 West
bluff Drive this is an amazing
waterfront property with over 450 feet
of level lakefront and 85 acres this is
one of the largest properties on cucum
lay so let's take a tour
this is incredible lake level frontage
it certainly is it has beautiful views
to this South End and across the lake
the fuse to the north are just amazing
this special lakefront property features
its own personal call end point to
launch your boat
this unique property has two charming
cottages you could purchase them
together or separately
this historic cottage named Twix Pines
is just perfect for summer fun this
three-season porch has beautiful views
of Keuka Lake
this historic cottage has canteen
features like built-in cabinets with
wavy glass
in the main cottage the upstairs
bedrooms you have a lot of character and
beautiful lake views
these beautiful stone steps lead you to
your own private beach the natural
pathways on this property are just
beautiful this wooden bridge takes you
across the creek to a potential second
building life
this gorgeous lake level lot of
approximately a hundred she is available
to build your dream Lake all
this historic cottage boathouse is just
amazing it has terrific views of Keuka
Lake
you
this special property has acreage on
either side of Scott row
on the west side of Scott Road the
property has beautiful hiking trails and
the opportunity for potential waterview
development
the acreage on the east side of Scott
Road has many possibilities the sky's
the limit this could be your special
vineyard and winery
so water is great come on in
at the end of the day life is sweet on
Keuka Lake
could you imagine living here it would
be amazing
well I hope you enjoyed the tour of 41
88 West bluff drive on Keuka Lake this
is one of the many special properties
offered by rich testa real estate the
premier home and waterfront specialist
cheers to living here
you